Add clarification about format for macOS ULS collection (#5863)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/capabilities/log-data-collection/how-to-collect-macoslogs.rst

The ULS centralizes the management and storage of the logs across all the system levels, from Apps to the Kernel itself, rather than writing the data to text-based log files. Because of this, it is necessary to use specific methods to retrieve logs from this particular system.

> Wazuh uses the CLI `log` tool and the `syslog` format to gather the logs. This tool provides an interface for log collection in a filtered way, since all the ULS logs pass through this single system. The query parameters in the Wazuh configuration allow the user to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wazuh uses the CLI `log` tool and the `syslog` format to gather the logs. This tool provides an interface for log collection in a filtered way since all the ULS logs pass through this single system. The query parameters in the Wazuh configuration allow the user to:
```

-  Set the ``level`` of messages to gather.
-  Filter by the log ``type``.

> -  Use a very specific ``predicate`` to filter the logs given their more specific characteristics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Use a precise ``predicate`` to filter the logs, given their specific characteristics.
```
